<s> a mauro camoranesi goal earns juventus a 1-1 draw with leaders inter milan . </s> <s> argentine striker julio cruz had given injury-hit inter the lead in the first half . </s> <s> the result maintains inter 's unbeaten record and moves them two points clear . </s><sec>rome , italy -- mauro camoranesi scored with 13 minutes left to earn juventus a 1-1 home draw with serie a leaders inter milan on sunday . julio cruz is mobbed by team-mates after giving inter the lead in their 1-1 draw at juventus . camoranesi picked up a headed knock-down from substitute vincenzo iaquinta before seeing his shot deflect off defender walter samuel to leave goalkeeper julio cesar helpless . inter took a first-half lead when argentine striker julio cruz broke juve 's offside trap and latched onto brazilian midfielder cesar 's through ball before firing past gianluigi buffon . the result means inter retain their unbeaten record this season , despite injury problems that saw the likes of patrick vieira , francesco toldo , marco materazzi and dejan stankovic ruled out . the defending champions are now two points clear of fiorentina at the top of the table , with roma a point further behind and juventus in fourth place . earlier in the day , roma missed out on the chance to close the gap on inter when a late collapse saw them throw away a two-goal lead to draw 2-2 at empoli . first half goals from french winger ludovic giuly and matteo brighi had put the visiting romans in charge and for more than an hour they looked set to cruise to victory . but with 23 minutes remaining ighli vannucchi reduced the deficit and sebastian giovinco snatched an injury time equaliser to deny luciano spaletti 's injury-depleted team . siena snatched a share of the spoils from parma in a 2-2 draw as daniele galloppa scored in the last minute while napoli needed an injury time goal from striker ezequiel lavezzi to deny rock-bottom reggina their first win of the season , forcing them to settle for a 1-1 draw in the south . e-mail to a friend .
<s> earth has warmed one degree in past 100 years . </s> <s> majority of scientists say greenhouse gases are causing temperatures to rise . </s> <s> some critics say planets often in periods of warming or cooling . </s><sec>-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- explorer dennis schmitt found an island nearly two years ago near greenland . fishermen pass by greenland 's ilulissat fjord in this september 2004 picture . such a discovery would usually elicit curiosity , even wonder perhaps , but it evoked mixed feelings for the explorer . the island was once thought to be a peninsula attached to greenland by an ice shelf or a glacier . but such a large amount of ice melted , it revealed the distinct island . `` i very quickly realized two things , '' he told cnn 's anderson cooper during a visit to the island earlier this year . `` one -lsb- was -rsb- that this was going to be significant because it was going to be an example of climate change . '' `` the other thing was that it meant it was really happening . it was n't a joke . it was n't just statistics . it was really happening . '' he calls his discovery warming island . many climatologists and scientists say arctic ice melt and other changes in the earth 's climate are the result of an increase in the world 's temperature , a trend widely called global warming . many global warming experts say the phenomenon , if unchecked , is capable of altering the world 's climate and geography . in the worst-case scenario , experts say oceans could rise to overwhelming and catastrophic levels , flooding cities and altering seashores . other scientists and observers , a minority compared to those who believe the warming trend is something ominous , say it is simply the latest shift in the cyclical patterns of a planet 's life . most of the scientific community believes that some warming is occurring across the globe and through some layers of the atmosphere . but why it is occurring and what that means for the future is scientifically and politically contentious . the earth 's temperature averages about 60 degrees fahrenheit -lrb- about 16 degrees celsius -rrb- . the average surface temperature has warmed one degree fahrenheit -lrb- 0.6 degrees celsius -rrb- during the last century , according to the national research council . the temperatures were relatively unchanged from 1880 to 1910 , according to the u.s. environmental protection agency . they rose till about 1945 , cooled until about 1975 and have risen steadily to present day . there are several possible reasons for the warming , scientists say . a change in the earth 's orbit or the intensity of the sun 's radiation could change , triggering warming or cooling . the reason most cited -- by scientists and scientific organizations -- for the current warming trend is an increase in the concentrations of greenhouse gases , which are in the atmosphere naturally and help keep the planet 's temperature at a comfortable level . the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere , for instance , has increased by 35 percent since the dawn of the industrial age , according to the united nations ' intergovernmental panel on climate change , commonly referred to as the ipcc . the presence of methane is now 151 percent above pre-industrial levels , but the rate of increase has slowed in recent decades , according to the epa . meanwhile , nitrous oxide increased by about 18 percent during the past 200 years . many scientists and experts who have studied global warming believe the increase is primarily the result of human activities , like the burning of fossil fuels , emissions from vehicles and the clearing of forests . `` for the last 30 years , there 's no way there 's anything natural that can explain it , '' stephen schneider , a professor of environmental studies at stanford university in california , said . `` a vast bulk of the knowledgeable and honest community ... will say the science is settled and humans are at least a majority of the reason behind the warming , '' he added . many scientific organizations share schneider 's view , ranging from the national academies of the countries that comprise the g8 to the national research council , the american meteorological society and the american geophysical union . but there are those who do not share his view , and among the skeptics is richard lindzen , a professor of atmospheric sciences at the massachusetts institute of technology . `` we 've suddenly taken to reading tea leaves , '' he said . `` when we saw cooling from 1940 to 1970 , we were proclaiming global cooling . since then , there 's been a few tenths of global warming , so we 're proclaiming global warming . '' he believes the current warming trend is the result of natural variability , where a planet goes through phases of warming and cooling and the human contribution to it is minimal . `` the earth is always getting colder and warmer , '' he said . `` it 's always changing . in fact , this is true of any fluid-covered planet . '' asked about glacial melt , which many observers point to as evidence of global warming , lindzen said the way glaciers change and move are phenomena largely unexplained . `` we do n't know why , but it 's perfectly clear that glaciers change even though the temperature is cooling at the place that they 've occurred , '' he said . `` what we 're doing is cherry picking any event that occurs and then saying that 's occurring due to global warming . '' yet , for schneider , it is a cause for concern and alarm . `` we 're already in serious melt , nobody can explain it . the models do n't predict it , '' he said . `` we do n't know what 's going on up there . all we know is that we could be triggering something really nasty . '' the greatest point of contention is the possible implications for future political and economic policies for the world 's nations . the ipcc in february 2007 projected that if carbon dioxide levels doubled relative to pre-industrial levels , temperatures could rise between 3.6 to 8.1 degrees fahrenheit -lrb- 2 to 4.5 degrees celsius -rrb- by 2100 . the lower end of the range could cause more intense hurricanes , droughts , wildfires and flooding , schneider said . the higher end could lead to the catastrophes commonly associated with the visions of hollywood filmmakers . uncertainties , however , plague such forecasts , which are based on computer simulations and models . the models contemplate factors associated with how the atmosphere , oceans and continents interact , all natural elements that have unpredictability intrinsic to them . `` exactly how much it 's going to warm up , we do n't know , '' schneider said . `` that it 's going to warm up ? i 'd bet anything on that . '' e-mail to a friend .
<s> president bush nominated mukasey to replace alberto gonzales . </s> <s> mukasey is a former federal chief judge in new york . </s> <s> some democratic senators opposed nominee due to views on waterboarding . </s> <s> human rights groups consider waterboarding a form of torture . </s><sec>-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- after weeks of controversy over michael mukasey 's views on waterboarding , the senate late thursday approved the former judge 's nomination for attorney general by a 53-40 vote . waterboarding threatened to derail the approval of president bush 's nominee to lead the justice department . president bush nominated mukasey to replace longtime ally alberto gonzales , who resigned in september . the nomination had been considered at risk after a number of democratic senators opposed mukasey because of questions that arose from his views on the terror interrogation technique known as waterboarding and the president 's power to order electronic surveillance . mukasey , a former federal judge in new york , told senators he considers waterboarding `` repugnant , '' but he could not categorically say whether the technique amounts to torture , which u.s. and international law bans . waterboarding is a technique that involves restraining a suspect and pouring water on him to produce the sensation of drowning . mukasey 's confirmation was all but assured last week when two key democrats on the senate judiciary committee -- sens. dianne feinstein of california and chuck schumer of new york -- said they would vote in favor of mukasey despite the controversy . `` the department of justice , once the crown jewel among government institutions , is adrift and rudderless , '' schumer said tuesday -- the same day the committee voted 11-8 to send mukasey 's nomination to the senate floor . `` it desperately needs a strong and independent leader at the helm to set it back on course and i believe judge mukasey is that person . '' schumer said that in a meeting friday the nominee said that congress would be within its rights to pass a law that bans waterboarding across all government agencies and that the president `` would have absolutely no legal authority to ignore '' it . schumer said he believed mukasey would be more likely to find waterboarding illegal than an interim attorney general . `` indeed , his written answers to our notices have demonstrated more openness to ending the practices we abhor than either of this president 's previous attorney general nominees have . '' but mukasey 's pledge to enforce such a law rang hollow with sen. patrick leahy , d-vermont , the judiciary committee 's chairman . `` some have sought to find comfort in judge mukasey 's personal assurance that he would enforce a future , new law against waterboarding if this congress were to pass one , '' leahy said tuesday . `` unsaid , of course , is the fact that any such prohibition would have to be enacted over the veto of this president . '' however , the committee 's ranking republican , sen. arlen specter of pennsylvania , said he believed mukasey would enforce a law banning waterboarding . `` he could have said a lot of things which would have given me more assurances , '' specter said earlier . `` but he is intelligent ; he 's really learned in the law . he 's strong , ethical , honest beyond any question . he 's not an intimate of the president . '' a majority of americans consider waterboarding a form of torture , but some of those say it 's ok for the u.s. government to use the technique , according to a poll released tuesday . asked whether they think waterboarding is a form of torture , more than two-thirds of respondents , or 69 percent , said yes ; 29 percent said no . asked whether they think the u.s. government should be allowed to use the procedure to try to get information from suspected terrorists , 58 percent said no ; 40 percent said yes . the cnn/opinion research corp. telephone poll of 1,024 american adults was carried out over the weekend and had a sampling error of plus or minus 4.5 percentage points . e-mail to a friend .
<s> south africa lead new zealand by 287 with 8 wickets standing in the 1st test . </s> <s> the proteas reach 179-2 in their second innings after the kiwis are 118 all out . </s> <s> south african paceman dale steyn takes a career-best 5-34 . </s><sec>johannesburg , south africa -- south african fast bowler dale steyn took a career-best five for 34 as the proteas took a tight grip on the first test against new zealand in johannesburg . steyn 's career-best 5-34 was his fourth five-wicket haul in 14 tests . new zealand were bowled out for 118 in reply to south africa 's 226 and the home side piled on the agony by reaching 179 for two in their second innings . hashim amla and jacques kallis shared an unbeaten stand of 159 as south africa stretched their lead to 287 . south africa 's bowlers excelled to bring their side back into the game after their disappointing first innings . they snapped up five wickets in the morning session when the kiwis could only muster 56 runs . former new zealand captain stephen fleming made 40 but the next best score was new cap ross taylor 's 15 . fleming was struck on the right forearm by steyn and did not field during the afternoon . coach john bracewell said he had gone for precautionary x-rays but there was only bruising . new zealand , 41 for two overnight , lost nightwatchman shane bond , bowled by a steyn yorker , before makhaya ntini claimed the crucial wicket of fleming , who was well caught by ab de villiers diving to his left at third slip . scott styris and taylor scraped 19 runs in 10 overs before more wickets tumbled . steyn 's figures bettered his previous best of five for 47 against the same opponents at centurion two seasons ago . it was his fourth five-wicket haul in 14 tests . ntini took three for 47 and kallis two for 11 . south africa made an uncertain start to their second innings with openers herschelle gibbs and captain graeme smith out cheaply , but amla and kallis blunted the attack and then took charge . they batted together for 205 minutes , amla facing 230 balls and hitting 13 boundaries in his 85 while kallis hit 12 fours off 122 deliveries in reaching 76 . the kiwis were left to regret brendon mccullum 's failure to hold a chance from amla off shane bond , when the batsman had only scored two . `` the ball was hard and new and we were trying to get momentum . it cost us a lot , '' said coach john bracewell . e-mail to a friend .
<s> 2,000 customers without electricity , power company says . </s> <s> magnitude 4.2 quake set off home alarms , says oakland police dispatcher . </s> <s> `` it was fairly mild , '' police say , no immediate reports of injuries , damage . </s> <s> it was centered two miles east-northeast of oakland , about 3.6 miles deep . </s><sec>san francisco , california -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a magnitude 4.2 earthquake shook the san francisco area friday at 4:42 a.m. pt -lrb- 7:42 a.m. et -rrb- , the u.s. geological survey reported . the quake left about 2,000 customers without power , said david eisenhower , a spokesman for pacific gas and light . under the usgs classification , a magnitude 4.2 earthquake is considered `` light , '' which it says usually causes minimal damage . `` we had quite a spike in calls , mostly calls of inquiry , none of any injury , none of any damage that was reported , '' said capt. al casciato of the san francisco police . `` it was fairly mild . '' watch police describe concerned calls immediately after the quake '' the quake was centered about two miles east-northeast of oakland , at a depth of 3.6 miles , the usgs said . oakland is just east of san francisco , across san francisco bay . an oakland police dispatcher told cnn the quake set off alarms at people 's homes . the shaking lasted about 50 seconds , said cnn meteorologist chad myers . according to the usgs , magnitude 4.2 quakes are felt indoors and may break dishes and windows and overturn unstable objects . pendulum clocks may stop . e-mail to a friend .
<s> lionel messi scores for the sixth game in a row as barca defeat atletico 3-0 . </s> <s> real madrid stay top of the primera liga table after defeating recreativo 2-0 . </s> <s> sevilla 's crisis continues as they lose their four league match in succession . </s><sec>madrid , spain -- lionel messi scored for the sixth game in a row as barcelona defeated big-spending atletico madrid 3-0 to stay in touch with primera liga leaders real madrid . messi -lrb- left -rrb- is congratulated by ronaldinho after scoring again in barcelona 's 3-0 win over atletico madrid . barcelona had thumped atletico 6-0 on their own ground last season and the visitors were out for revenge -- but conceded twice in four minutes . after 15 minutes , italian goalkeeper christian abbiati let a routine messi cross slip out of his hands and deco rolled home into the empty net . four minutes later messi played a great one-two with ronaldinho and rifled a shot past abbiati for his sixth goal of the season and xavi added a third late on . `` it was a deserved victory against a rival that we have had problems with in the past , '' explained barca coach frank rijkaard . `` we scored twice in quick succession and then we controlled the match using aggression and with the team attacking and defending as a unit . '' `` conceding two early goals inside four minutes is not easy to turn around especially against barcelona , '' admitted atletico coach javier aguirre . it was barcelona 's fourth straight league win but they still trail real madrid by two points after the champions beat recreativo huleva 2-0 . dutch international ruud van nistelrooy , the league 's top-scorer last season , scored on 72 minutes before gonzalo higuain netted in the final minute to keep real at the summit . luck deserted them when wesley sneijder hit the post but van nistelrooy scored in the final quarter hour before higuain struck to keep them two points clear at the top . real have made their best start since 1991 but coach bernd schuster 's rotation policy has been questioned with the german chopping and changing his team . `` it was an important victory because it is the final match before we go away on international duty , '' said dutch winger arjen robben . `` we are now top for the next two weeks and can build on that when we return . '' villarreal , now four points behind real , lost for only the second time in 15 matches with a 3-2 reverse against osasuna . sevilla , third last season , are in a crisis after losing their fourth league game in a row with a goal from riki handing deportivo la coruna a surprise 1-0 win . sevilla have just six points from their first six matches and are 13 points behind real . levante 's abel resino became the first spanish league coach to be sacked this season , after their 3-0 home loss to real zaragoza . . the 47-year-old resino , a former goalkeeper at atletico madrid , joined levante in january as a replacement for juan ramon lopez caro . the valencia-based club are bottom of the table with only a point from seven matches . e-mail to a friend .
<s> because of troubles , lindsay lohan likely difficult to insure . </s> <s> lohan supposed to appear in shirley maclaine film `` poor things '' </s> <s> insurance rates may cost 1 to 3 percent of film 's production budget . </s><sec>los angeles , california -lrb- reuters -rrb- -- `` to insure or not to insure ? '' it is n't shakespeare , but it is the dramatic question hollywood filmmakers are asking about lindsay lohan following her legal troubles this week . lindsay lohan may still get work after her legal problems are settled , but the cost will be high . it is an important question , too , because whether companies insure lohan 's future movies may determine whether she will quickly fall off hollywood 's a-list . but lohan fans have little to fear because no actor is uninsurable , say underwriting experts . while some producers may balk at conditions for hiring problematic stars , experts say that unless an actor is serving time in prison , even the most volatile can be covered -- albeit at a high cost . `` for a price , anything can be done , although an insurance carrier can make things so unpalatable that at times the makers of the film just wo n't be interested , '' said ross miller , partner with insurance brokerage d.r. reiff & associates inc. . lohan 's arrest this week in los angeles on suspicion of drunken driving and cocaine possession has left hollywood wondering if the actress , who shot to fame as a child in disney films like `` the parent trap , '' is too risky to cast in a film . timeline : lindsay lohan 's troubles '' it remains to be seen whether her latest relapse and brush with the law will cost her a role in `` poor things , '' a film produced by and starring oscar-winner shirley maclaine . see a gallery of lohan 's films '' a statement was expected early next week on whether the movie , already delayed this spring due to an earlier rehab stint by lohan , will proceed with or without her . insurance experts say the industry has long dealt with similar situations , although they may seem more frequent with the recent heavy media scrutiny of lohan and fellow troubled party girls paris hilton and britney spears . `` i do n't think it -lrb- a problematic artist -rrb- is any more of an issue , '' said wendy diaz , entertainment underwriting director at fireman 's fund insurance co. , the leading film underwriter . `` it 's pretty standard year to year . '' but diaz did say the terms for covering lohan would likely be `` serious at this point . '' she said fireman 's fund , in such a case , would likely put in higher deductibles , or ask the star to put their salary into escrow to pay for any losses if production was disrupted . last july , a producer on lohan 's last film , `` georgia rule , '' scolded her publicly for repeatedly showing up late on the set , costing the movie 's makers hundreds of thousands of dollars . brian kingman , a managing director with entertainment insurance broker aon/albert g. ruben said covering situations like lohan 's required a lot of calculation and risk management . insurance rates for errant actors can range anywhere from 1 percent to 3 percent of a movie 's production budget , which can range from $ 5 million to $ 100 million or more , he said . `` filmmakers fall in love with certain actors for certain roles and my job is to find risk-takers to take on the risk , '' kingman said . he said actors were always required to undergo a medical exam before getting insurance . in certain circumstances , drug screening is conducted and actors are required to provide blood and urine samples . in cases of known drug abuse , `` minders '' are sometimes required on set to keep an eye on the actor . kingman said he had even helped craft policies for actors in the event they risked the possibility of incarceration . `` i have been successful in finding and creating incarceration coverage for certain actors on probation which can be revoked if they break certain rules , '' he said , citing the case of robert downey jr. , another high-profile star with a history of legal , drug and alcohol problems . e-mail to a friend . copyright 2007 reuters . all rights reserved.this material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
<s> president bush will have a routine colonoscopy saturday . </s> <s> while he 's anesthetized , his powers will be transferred to the vice president . </s> <s> bush had last colonoscopy in 2002 , which found no problems . </s><sec>washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- vice president dick cheney will serve as acting president briefly saturday while president bush is anesthetized for a routine colonoscopy , white house spokesman tony snow said friday . bush is scheduled to have the medical procedure , expected to take about 2 1/2 hours , at the presidential retreat at camp david , maryland , snow said . bush 's last colonoscopy was in june 2002 , and no abnormalities were found , snow said . the president 's doctor had recommended a repeat procedure in about five years . the procedure will be supervised by dr. richard tubb and conducted by a multidisciplinary team from the national naval medical center in bethesda , maryland , snow said . a colonoscopy is the most sensitive test for colon cancer , rectal cancer and polyps , small clumps of cells that can become cancerous , according to the mayo clinic . small polyps may be removed during the procedure . snow said that was the case when bush had colonoscopies before becoming president . snow himself is undergoing chemotherapy for cancer that began in his colon and spread to his liver . snow told reporters he had a chemo session scheduled later friday . watch snow talk about bush 's procedure and his own colon cancer '' `` the president wants to encourage everybody to use surveillance , '' snow said . the american cancer society recommends that people without high-risk factors or symptoms begin getting screened for signs of colorectal cancer at age 50 . e-mail to a friend .
<s> lewis hamilton fails to clinch world title after spinning out of the chinese gp . </s> <s> briton 's lead cut to four points by mclaren team-mate fernando alonso . </s> <s> alonso finished second in shanghai behind ferrari 's kimi raikkonen . </s><sec>shanghai , china -- championship leader lewis hamilton spun out of the chinese grand prix to send the world title race to a cliffhanger finale in brazil on october 21 . a disconsolate lewis hamilton leaves his car after spinning into the gravel trap in shanghai . rookie hamilton can still clinch the crown with third place in the closing race , but saw his 12-point lead cut to four by mclaren team-mate fernando alonso in shanghai . the spaniard finished second behind ferrari 's kimi raikkonen , who also kept his title hopes alive by moving within seven points of hamilton . the young briton started the race in pole position and at one stage led raikkonen by more than eight seconds as he again showed superb skills in the wet conditions . however , the 22-year-old stayed out on the drying track too long in his wet tires , which deteriorated at an alarming rate to let finland 's raikkonen take the lead . and when hamilton -- who won in japan last week to give himself the chance of clinching the title this weekend -- finally headed toward the pit lane , he spun out onto the gravel to end his chances with 25 laps to go . raikkonen and alonso both switched to dry tires on the 32nd of the 56 laps , with the finn going on to win by by 9.8 seconds for his fifth victory this season -- one more than both hamilton and alonso . raikkone 's team-mate felipe massa was third , while fourth place was claimed by toro rosso 's sebastien vettel , who was last week reprimanded for causing an accident in japan behind the safety car while hamilton was cleared of any wrongdoing . britain 's jenson button was fifth in a honda ahead of vettel 's team-mate vitantonio liuzzi , while germany 's nick heidfeld was seventh for bmw sauber and david coulthard of scotland took the final point for red bull . hamilton was still confident he could bounce back after suffering his first retirement of the season . `` i 'm sorry for the team but i can still do it , do n't worry , '' he said . `` when i got out of the car i was just gutted because it was my first mistake all year , and to do it on the way into the pits was not something i usually do . `` you can not go through life without making mistakes . but i am over it and we look forward to brazil . the team will be working hard to make sure the car is quick enough there , and we still have points in the bag . `` we were having a great race and we did n't know if it was going to rain or not . the tyres were getting worse and worse and you could almost see the canvas underneath . when i came into the pits it was like ice , i could n't do anything about it . '' mclaren boss ron dennis refused to blame his driver or his team for the spin-off . `` it 's too extreme to say anyone made a mistake in this . it has been a very competitive season between our drivers and it will go on for another grand prix , '' dennis said . `` i do n't think we did anything dramatically wrong and neither did lewis . but the circuit was considerably drier than the pit lane entrance . that 's what made the difference . `` it was easy to say that we could have stopped earlier , but would it have made a difference ? all the top teams -- ferrari and ourselves -- were trying to get through the rain and straight onto a dry tire . '' alonso , who qualified for the race in fourth , is seeking to become the third driver to win three world titles . `` the result was good today and the eight points are a help for sure , '' he said . `` i think the championship will still be very difficult because i know it will not be easy to take four points from lewis . `` i need something dramatic if i want to win . with a normal race it will be impossible . '' raikkonen added : `` we are back in the championship and it will be interesting in the final race . `` hopefully the car is good and it will be a battle all weekend . it is not just up to us though , we saw today that anything can happen , but we are back in the championship . '' e-mail to a friend .
<s> president bush says tony snow `` will battle cancer and win '' job of press secretary `` has been a dream for me , '' snow says snow leaving on september 14 , will be succeeded by dana perino . </s><sec>washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- white house press secretary tony snow , who is undergoing treatment for cancer , will step down from his post september 14 and be replaced by deputy press secretary dana perino , the white house announced friday . white house press secretary tony snow will step down from his post on september 14 . president bush told reporters friday that he will `` sadly accept '' snow 's resignation . flanked by snow and perino in the white house press room , the president spoke warmly of his departing press secretary . `` it 's been a joy to watch him spar with you , '' bush told reporters . watch the announcement about snow leaving '' bush said he was certain of two things in regard to snow . `` he 'll battle cancer and win , '' bush said , `` and he 'll be a solid contributor to society . '' turning to snow , the president then said : `` i love you , and i wish you all the best . '' snow , speaking after bush at the start of the daily white house news conference , said he was leaving to earn more money . he took a big pay cut , he said , when he left his previous jobs as anchor and political analyst for fox news . according to the washington post , snow makes $ 168,000 as the white house spokesman . his family took out a loan when he started the job , `` and that loan is now gone . '' `` this job has really been a dream for me , a blast . i 've had an enormous amount of fun and satisfaction , '' snow said . he said he would continue to speak out on issues , and would do `` some radio , some tv , but i do n't anticipate full-time anchor duties . '' snow said he 's received great satisfaction from talking to people about his illness . snow 's cancer was diagnosed for the first time in february 2005 . his colon was removed , and after six months of treatment , doctors said the cancer was in remission . perino announced march 27 that snow 's cancer had recurred , and that doctors had removed a growth from his abdomen the day before . sources told cnn two weeks ago that snow was planning to leave his job , possibly as early as september . bush tapped snow to replace scott mcclellan in april 2006 . snow had been an anchor for `` fox news sunday '' and a political analyst for the fox news channel , which he joined in 1996 . he also hosted `` the tony snow show '' on fox news radio . on thursday , snow told cnn his health is improving , citing two medical tests this month that found the cancer has not spread . `` the tumors are stable -- they are not growing , '' snow said of the results from an mri and a cat scan . `` and there are no new growths . the health is good . '' the press secretary , whose hair has turned gray during chemotherapy treatment , said his black hair is expected to grow back in about a month . `` i 'm also putting on weight again , '' he said after returning from a 10-day vacation . `` i actually feel very good about '' the health situation . snow said on friday he was to see his oncologist , and they will decide on some minor forms of chemotherapy to start as maintenance treatment . e-mail to a friend .
<s> french fm kouchner has told france to prepare for possibility of war with iran . </s> <s> was a surprise appointment to nicolas sarkozy 's conservative government . </s> <s> also the first french foreign minister to visit iraq since 1988 . </s> <s> founder of medicins sans frontiers , also french student leader in may 1968 . </s><sec>london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- french foreign minister bernard kouchner 's declaration that france had to prepare for the possibility of war against iran over its nuclear program was not conventional diplomatic behavior . but then kouchner was never expected to be a soft-soaper on the diplomatic scene . french foreign minister bernard kouchner has a reputation for challenging convention and authority . a surprise appointment from the socialist ranks to nicolas sarkozy 's conservative government , the founder of medicins sans frontiers has always challenged convention and authority . the former un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali once called kouchner ` an unguided missile ' and the man himself has been known to declare : `` to change the law you sometimes have to break the law '' . he was in his youth one of the leaders of the students revolt in france in may 1968 . kouchner is a humanitarian as well as a patriot , with a strong commitment to human rights . unusually for a man of the left , he supported the us-led intervention in iraq -lrb- while criticizing the aftermath -rrb- . but he did so on the grounds of saddam hussein 's denial of human rights , not his possible possession of weapons of mass destruction . his and president sarkozy 's concern for human rights lies behind their eagerness to join gordon brown 's britain in a new push for action in darfur . bernard kouchner did not come to his position with any of former president chirac 's instinctive distrust of the united states . washington , which has been critical of some european states for their weakness in confronting teheran , will have been delighted by his ` get serious ' warning to teheran . but the plain-speaking kouchner is unlikely to be deterred by fears of upsetting the white house when he has criticisms to make of us policy . how much should be made of his words on iran remains unclear at this stage . they were scarcely on the same scale as president chirac 's threat when he was still in office to retaliate with nuclear strikes against any state found to be responsible for a large-scale terrorist attack on france . but they are all of a piece with france 's new high-profile style under the presidency of nicolas sarkozy . mr kouchner , for example , became the first french foreign minister to visit iraq since 1988 , insisting that there could only be a political solution to the country 's problems , not a military one , and offering france 's services as a mediator and ` honest broker ' between sunnis , shiites and kurds . on iran he is , in a way , merely echoing the words of his president who declared in a speech last month that a nuclear-armed iran would be ` unacceptable ' and describing the stand-off over its nuclear program as ` undoubtedly the most serious crisis before us today ' . certainly mr kouchner is making clear that france no longer takes the view once expressed by president chirac that a nuclear-armed iran might be inevitable . in continuing to ratchet up the rhetoric over that threat and to underline the west 's resolution on iran 's nuclear enrichment program mr kouchner is supplementing his president 's warnings . neither is saying that military intervention against iran is imminent or inevitable . neither has yet confirmed that france would be part of any such military action . but both are stressing the risks which are piling up as a result of teheran 's brinkmanship . perhaps the strongest lesson though from mr kouchner 's intervention is his underlining that the new administration in france is not a knee-jerk anti-american one -- and that france is in the business of reclaiming a role at the top diplomatic tables . e-mail to a friend .
<s> cpl. trent d. thomas found guilty this week of conspiracy to commit murder . </s> <s> marine gets rank of private , will be discharged for role in death of iraqi civilian . </s> <s> group 's leader awaits trial on murder and conspiracy charges . </s><sec>-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a marine convicted for his role in the death of an iraqi civilian was sentenced friday to a reduction in rank and will be discharged . cpl. trent d. thomas was found guilty wednesday of kidnapping and conspiracy to commit several offenses -- including murder , larceny , housebreaking , kidnapping , and making false official statements -- for his involvement in the april 2006 death in hamdaniya , iraq . thomas will be demoted to the rank of entry-level private and will receive a bad-conduct discharge . the 25-year-old was among seven marines and a navy medic who were charged in connection with the death of hashim ibrahim awad , 52 . the marines accused in the case were members of kilo company , 3rd battalion , 5th marine regiment . they reported at the time that awad planned to detonate a roadside bomb targeting their patrol . but several residents of hamdaniya , including relatives of the victim , gave a different account , prompting a criminal investigation . prosecutors accuse the group 's squad leader , sgt. lawrence g. hutchins iii , of dragging awad from his home , shooting him in the street and then making it look like he had planned to ambush american troops . hutchins has pleaded not guilty to murder , conspiracy and other charges in the case . he faces a sentence of life in prison if convicted . thomas changed his plea from guilty to not guilty in february , arguing that he had merely followed orders . he told his attorneys that after reviewing the evidence against him , he realized `` that what happened overseas happened as a result of obedience to orders , and he has n't done anything wrong , '' defense attorney victor kelley said . thomas said in january , shortly after entering his guilty plea , that he was `` truly sorry '' for his role in the killing . he could have been sentenced to life in prison under his original plea . e-mail to a friend .
<s> president bush to address the veterans of foreign wars on wednesday . </s> <s> bush to say that withdrawing from vietnam emboldened today 's terrorists . </s> <s> speech will be latest white house attempt to try to reframe the debate over iraq . </s><sec>washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- as he awaits a crucial progress report on iraq , president bush will try to put a twist on comparisons of the war to vietnam by invoking the historical lessons of that conflict to argue against pulling out . president bush pauses tuesday during a news conference at the north american leaders summit in canada . on wednesday in kansas city , missouri , bush will tell members of the veterans of foreign wars that `` then , as now , people argued that the real problem was america 's presence and that if we would just withdraw , the killing would end , '' according to speech excerpts released tuesday by the white house . `` three decades later , there is a legitimate debate about how we got into the vietnam war and how we left , '' bush will say . `` whatever your position in that debate , one unmistakable legacy of vietnam is that the price of america 's withdrawal was paid by millions of innocent citizens , whose agonies would add to our vocabulary new terms like ` boat people , ' 're - education camps ' and ` killing fields , ' '' the president will say . the president will also make the argument that withdrawing from vietnam emboldened today 's terrorists by compromising u.s. credibility , citing a quote from al qaeda leader osama bin laden that the american people would rise against the iraq war the same way they rose against the war in vietnam , according to the excerpts . `` here at home , some can argue our withdrawal from vietnam carried no price to american credibility , but the terrorists see things differently , '' bush will say . on tuesday , democratic senate majority leader harry reid said , `` president bush 's attempt to compare the war in iraq to past military conflicts in east asia ignores the fundamental difference between the two . our nation was misled by the bush administration in an effort to gain support for the invasion of iraq under false pretenses , leading to one of the worst foreign policy blunders in our history . `` while the president continues to stay-the-course with his failed strategy in iraq , paid for by the taxpayers , american lives are being lost and there is still no political solution within the iraqi government . it is time to change direction in iraq , and congress will again work to do so in the fall . '' the white house is billing the speech , along with another address next week to the american legion , as an effort to `` provide broader context '' for the debate over the upcoming iraq progress report by gen. david petraeus , the top u.s. military commander , and ryan crocker , the u.s. ambassador in baghdad . president bush has frequently asked lawmakers -- and the american people -- to withhold judgment on his troop `` surge '' in iraq until the report comes out in september . watch bush criticize the iraqi government '' it is being closely watched on capitol hill , particularly by republicans nervous about the political fallout from an increasingly unpopular war . earlier this month , defense secretary robert gates said he would wait for the report before deciding when a drawdown of the 160,000 u.s. troops in iraq might begin . bush 's speeches wednesday and next week are the latest in a series of attempts by the white house to try to reframe the debate over iraq , as public support for the war continues to sag . a recent cnn/opinion research corporation poll found that almost two-thirds of americans -- 64 percent -- now oppose the iraq war , and 72 percent say that even if petraeus reports progress , it wo n't change their opinion . the poll also found a great deal of skepticism about the report ; 53 percent said they do not trust petraeus to give an accurate assessment of the situation in iraq . in addition to his analogy to vietnam , bush in wednesday 's speech will invoke other historical comparisons from asia , including the u.s. defeat and occupation of japan after world war ii and the korean war in the 1950s , according to the excerpts . `` in the aftermath of japan 's surrender , many thought it naive to help the japanese transform themselves into a democracy . then , as now , the critics argued that some people were simply not fit for freedom , '' bush will say . `` today , in defiance of the critics , japan ... stands as one of the world 's great free societies . '' speaking about the korean war , bush will note that at the time `` critics argued that the war was futile , that we never should have sent our troops in , or that america 's intervention was divisive here at home . '' `` while it is true that the korean war had its share of challenges , america never broke its word , '' bush will say . `` without america 's intervention during the war , and our willingness to stick with the south koreans after the war , millions of south koreans would now be living under a brutal and repressive regime . '' e-mail to a friend .
<s> organ shortage in rich states has created a trade from poorer countries . </s> <s> `` transplant tourists '' travel to poor countries to buy organs from the desperate . </s> <s> pakistan , where trade in human organs is legal , is turning into a `` kidney bazaar '' </s> <s> patients pay $ 8,500 for a new kidney , while donors are paid just $ 300 to $ 1,000 . </s><sec>hong kong , china -lrb- reuters -rrb- -- paul lee got his liver from an executed chinese prisoner ; karam in egypt bought a kidney for his sister for $ 5,300 ; in istanbul hakan is holding out for $ 30,700 for one of his kidneys . doctors in pakistan have been arrested for abducting people , drugging them and stealing their kidneys . they are not so unusual : a dire shortage of donated organs in rich countries is sending foreigners with end-stage illnesses to poorer places like china , pakistan , turkey , egypt , colombia and the philippines to buy a new lease of life . lee , a 53-year-old chief subway technician in hong kong , was diagnosed with liver cancer in january 2005 but doctors denied him a transplant because they feared the tumor would spread . a friend told him about a transplant hospital in china 's north eastern tianjin city and he signed up for a place . that april , he paid 260,000 yuan -lrb- $ 34,380 -rrb- for a transplant -- surgery that saved his life . `` the hospital has connections with a lot of prisons , '' lee told reuters . `` mine came from an executed prisoner from heilongjiang . i thank the donor deeply . '' the world health organization estimates that 21,000 liver transplants are carried out annually , but medical experts put annual worldwide demand at at least 90,000 . demand for kidneys also exceeds supply , and that has given rise to organ trafficking and a black market for rich people and `` transplant tourists '' who travel to poor countries to buy body parts from people with few other routes to a better living . a donor in south africa receives $ 700 for a kidney compared with $ 30,000 in the united states . a lack of transparency and little protection for donors has spurred calls by international bodies to crack down on , or at least regulate , the trade . but even where the trade is banned , laws are often muddled or laced with loopholes , which are sometimes defended by vested interests . and the unregulated route is much less complicated for the recipient . any transplant procedure involving a living donor carries risks for the donor -- especially for liver transplants which involve removing part of the donor 's liver . the complications can include bleeding , infection , even death . in the transplant trade , the recipient need not worry about , for example , exposing a living relative to that risk . `` it is cheaper and your next of kin is not taking the risk and you do n't have to care for someone you do n't know . once you pay , it is discarded in a way , it is dispensable , '' said luc noel , a geneva-based coordinator for clinical procedures at the world health organization . china recently banned the sale of human organs and restricted transplants for foreigners , saying it must first meet demand at home for 2 million organs a year . only 20,000 transplants are carried out in china each year . of these , 3,000 are liver transplants and 95 percent of them use livers from dead donors . china defended its use of organs from executed prisoners , saying consent was obtained from convicts or their families . a transplant operation using the liver of a dead donor costs around $ 33,000 in china . `` what is important is the transparency , it has to be open to scrutiny ... if china makes its current system open to scrutiny and very transparent , that would do good , '' said the who 's noel . in asia , a cultural obsession with keeping the body of the deceased intact has stymied public organ donation programs . excluding china , asia has fewer than 200 livers donated by people ahead of their death each year , said lo chung-man , professor of hepatobiliary and pancreatic surgery at the university of hong kong . pakistan , where trade in human organs is not illegal , is turning into a `` kidney bazaar '' , said the chief executive of pakistan 's kidney foundation , jaffar naqvi . there are no confirmed figures for the number of foreigners coming to the country for new kidneys but naqvi said there were 13 centers in lahore alone which reported more than 2,000 transplants last year from bought kidneys . patients , mostly from europe , saudi arabia and india , pay about 500,000 rupees -lrb- $ 8,500 -rrb- for a new kidney , he said . donors are paid $ 300 to $ 1,000 and often get no medical care after the surgery . there is no consent in some cases . in may police arrested nine people , four of them doctors , for abducting people , drugging them and stealing their kidneys for transplant operations . in the pipeline is a draft law aimed at banning the trade , but a powerful lobby bent on preserving it is trying to ensure it allows kidney donations for a non-relative , with no payment . such a clause allowing `` altruistic '' organ donations will ensure the trade continues with secret payment to donors , naqvi said . stories of people selling their organs , especially kidneys , are not uncommon in egypt , where more than 30 percent of a population of more than 73 million people live below the poverty line . karam , who asked to be identified only by his first name because organ trading is illegal , said it took him only 15 days to secure a kidney for his sister who was suffering from kidney failure . he said a doctor found him a man willing to sell his kidney for 30,000 egyptian pounds -lrb- $ 5,300 -rrb- . `` the fees of the doctor were 5,000 pounds . both his money and the fees of the hospital were deducted from the money the ` donor ' received , '' said karam . he said doctors usually help in finding people willing to sell their organs from their patients ' lists . abdel-kader hegazy , head of the disciplinary committee at the doctors ' union , said egyptian law lacks clear punishment for those involved in illegal transplants , making it easy for doctors to repeat the offence . `` the law says it is illegal to trade in organs but does not specify the punishment . we at the union suspended many doctors and closed their practices , but they have appealed before courts and won their licenses back , '' he told reuters . `` it is an annoying and a regrettable situation . well-known doctors and professors are doing this . they are rich people but they do it because they have no moral values . '' the union has been pushing for legislation to regulate organ transplants , with a draft bill including heavy fines and a prison sentence for those involved and a ban on transplants between people of different nationalities . but the draft law has been languishing in parliament for several years because of differences between doctors and senior muslim religious leaders on whether islam allows organ transplants in the case of clinical deaths . in turkey , students , unemployed young men and struggling fathers post adverts on the internet selling their kidneys , listing their drinking and smoking habits and blood type . these would-be donors say they have had enquiries from germany , israel and turkey with asking prices going up to 50,000 lira -lrb- $ 38,760 -rrb- . hakan , a 27-year-old security guard in istanbul with two young children who also requested only his first name be published , told reuters he received five or six offers from turkey and germany , offering 10,000-15 ,000 lira -lrb- $ 11,600 -rrb- , but he 's holding out for 40,000 lira . `` of course it 's frightening but there 's nothing else to be done , '' he said , adding he had n't told his wife as he knew she would object . `` i 'm doing it because of my family , if i was alone it would n't matter . i 've got two children ... there 's nothing else i can do for them . '' e-mail to a friend . copyright 2007 reuters . all rights reserved.this material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
<s> werder bremen pay a club record $ 10.7 million for carlos alberto . </s> <s> the brazilian midfielder won the champions league with fc porto in 2004 . </s> <s> since january he has been on loan with his first club , fluminense . </s><sec>bremen , germany -- carlos alberto , who scored in fc porto 's champions league final victory against monaco in 2004 , has joined bundesliga club werder bremen for a club record fee of 7.8 million euros -lrb- $ 10.7 million -rrb- . carlos alberto enjoyed success at fc porto under jose mourinho . `` i 'm here to win titles with werder , '' the 22-year-old said after his first training session with his new club . `` i like bremen and would only have wanted to come here . '' carlos alberto started his career with fluminense , and helped them to lift the campeonato carioca in 2002 . in january 2004 he moved on to fc porto , who were coached by josé mourinho , and the club won the portuguese title as well as the champions league . early in 2005 , he moved to corinthians , where he impressed as they won the brasileirão , but in 2006 corinthians had a poor season and carlos alberto found himself at odds with manager , emerson leão . their poor relationship came to a climax at a copa sul-americana game against club atlético lanús , and carlos alberto declared that he would not play for corinthians again while leão remained as manager . since january this year he has been on loan with his first club fluminense . bundesliga champions vfb stuttgart said on sunday that they would sign a loan agreement with real zaragoza on monday for ewerthon , the third top brazilian player to join the german league in three days . a vfb spokesman said ewerthon , who played in the bundesliga for borussia dortmund from 2001 to 2005 , was expected to join the club for their pre-season training in austria on monday . on friday , ailton returned to germany where he was the league 's top scorer in 2004 , signing a one-year deal with duisburg on a transfer from red star belgrade . e-mail to a friend .
<s> uk intel chief says children as young as 15 involved in terrorist-related activity . </s> <s> jonathan evans : at least 2,000 people in britain who pose threat to security . </s> <s> mi5 chief said the actual number could be double that . </s><sec>london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the head of britain 's intelligence services has warned that children as young as 15 are becoming involved in terrorist-related activity . jonathan evans , the chief of mi5 , also said that at least 2,000 people in britain pose a threat to the country 's security because of their support for al qaeda-inspired terrorism . `` as i speak , terrorists are methodically and intentionally targeting young people and children in this country . they are radicalising , indoctrinating and grooming young , vulnerable people to carry out acts of terrorism , '' he told a gathering of newspaper editors in manchester . evans said the figure of 2,000 -- an increase of 400 since november 2006 -- only included those the intelligence services knew about and that the actual number could be double . he said there had been 200 terrorist convictions in britain since the september 11 attacks . the mi5 head added that over recent years much of the command and inspiration for attack planning in the uk had come from al qaeda 's remaining core leadership in the tribal areas of pakistan . however , he said in the last 12 months terrorist plots on british soil were increasingly inspired by al qaeda cadres in other countries , including in iraq and east africa . `` there is no doubt now that al qaeda in iraq aspires to promote terrorist attacks outside iraq . there is no doubt that there is training activity and terrorist planning in east africa -- particularly in somalia -- which is focused on the uk , '' he told the society of editors meeting . according to evans , there had been `` no decrease '' in the number of russian covert intelligence officers operating in britain since the end of the cold war . he said that resources that could be devoted to counter-terrorism were instead being used to protect britain against spying by russia , china and others . `` a number of countries continue to devote considerable time and energy trying to steal our sensitive technology on civilian and military projects and trying to obtain political and economic intelligence at our expense , '' he said . e-mail to a friend .
