<s> john lewis partnership began as a shop on london 's oxford street in 1864 . </s> <s> all 67,100 employees are partners in the organization and own shares . </s><sec>-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the partnership started as a single shop on oxford street in london , opened in 1864 by john lewis . today the partnership is an organization with bases throughout the uk , with supermarkets and department stores , employing approximately 67,100 people . all 67,100 permanent staff are partners who own 26 john lewis department stores , 183 waitrose supermarkets , an online and catalogue business , john lewis direct a direct services company - greenbee , three production units and a farm . every partner receives the same scale of bonus , based on a fixed percentage of their annual wage . the bonus for 2006 was 18 % equivalent to 9 weeks pay , which was rolled out for every employee . chairman sir stuart hampson retired at the end of march 2007 , his successor is charlie mayfield . hampson 's salary for january 26 , 2006 to january 26 , 2007 was $ 1.66 million which included the partnership bonus of $ 250,000 . john lewis ' consolidated revenue for the last financial year was $ 11.4 billion . e-mail to a friend .
<s> survivors of cyclone sidr in bangladesh waiting for aid to arrive . </s> <s> red crescent society official says deaths could rise to 5,000-10 ,000 . </s> <s> bangladeshi president distributes aid ; angry survivors go empty-handed . </s> <s> thousands remain missing ; estimated 280,000 homeless . </s><sec>patuakhali , bangladesh -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- survivors of a storm that killed more than 3,000 people in the impoverished nation of bangladesh grieved and buried their loved ones monday as they waited for aid to arrive . villagers grieve in patargata , around 125 miles south of dhaka , capital of bangladesh , monday . the number of dead killed from cyclone sidr -- now at 3,114 -- is expected to rise yet further as the south asian nation continues to assess the damage . the bangladesh red crescent fears the death toll could be 5,000 -- perhaps even reaching as high as 10,000 . in the fishing village of galachipa , in patuakhali district , dhalan mridha was grieving for family members who died in the cyclone after ignoring an alert issued by authorities . `` nothing is going to happen . that was our first thought and we went to bed . just before midnight the winds came like hundreds of demons . our small hut was swept away like a piece of paper , and we all ran for shelter , '' mridha , a 45-year-old farm worker , told the associated press . on the way to a shelter , mridha lost contact with his wife , mother and two children . the next morning he found their bodies . the category 4 cyclone raked bangladesh 's southwest coast on thursday with maximum sustained winds of 241 km/h -lrb- 150 mph -rrb- , destroying fishermen 's hamlets and villages . thousands are still missing , while an estimated 280,000 others are unable to return to their homes which were wiped out by the storm . many grieving families are now burying loved ones in single graves as no male members are available to dig them . most houses in the region are made of flimsy materials such as bamboo and corrugated iron , and had no chance of withstanding the storm 's powerful winds . in addition , the storm-struck area is criss-crossed by a huge river delta which surged as sidr pushed through , wiping out many villages and littering the river 's shores with debris . watch as people are left to fend for themselves '' low-lying bangladesh is already prone to flooding which has wiped out the country 's rice production -- a major food staple for the impoverished country . improved warning systems and shelters have kept the number of deaths far lower than the disastrous cyclones in the region of 1970 and 1991 , when the tolls were in the hundreds of thousands . bangladesh president iajuddin ahmed visited the devastated region sunday , handing out some aid to the crowds of people before members of the international media . it was seen largely a token effort as hundreds were left empty-handed and furious . security officials struggled to hold back the crowd . see dramatic photos of storm survivors '' sidr has already ruined bangladesh 's rice harvest , but the international community is rallying to make sure the country does not suffer as acutely as it has in the past . nearly a million people died after massive floods wiped out the country 's rice production in 1974 . international aid organizations promised initial packages of $ 25 million during a meeting with bangladesh agencies monday , the u.n. 's world food program said . the united states has offered more than $ 2 million as an initial contribution for emergency relief , and sent two u.s. navy carriers to help in recovery operations . in addition , the u.s. agency for international development -lrb- usaid -rrb- is airlifting in relief supplies and an 18-person department of defense medical team is in bangladesh helping the estimated 15,000 injured by the storm . bangladesh 's government held an emergency cabinet meeting saturday to assess the disaster and discuss recovery issues , bangladeshi government spokesman fahim munaim told cnn . officials fear the scope of the destruction may be much more extensive since there are remote areas where conditions can not yet be determined . munaim said nearly a third of bangladesh 's 64 districts were affected by the cyclone , most of those along the southern coast . the bangladeshi military is working to provide shelter for the many people who have been displaced . international aid groups -- including save the children , world vision , and the red crescent , which already have offices in bangladesh -- are deploying resources to the cyclone-stricken region but -- like the government -- they have found it nearly impossible to reach the more remote areas to assess conditions . roads to remote areas are either blocked by massive trees fallen by the storm , or so severely damaged that it is impossible for vehicles to use . clearing could take weeks in the remote areas because it must be done by hand -- there are no chainsaws and modern machinery to speed up the process . along the broken road that leads into kolapara , the body of an 8-year-old girl called rummie was carefully carried away for burial . overwhelmed with sadness , her mother khadija was steadied by a relative . `` i am feeling too much pain in my heart , '' she said . `` i have lost my daughter , so i am a victim of the cyclone as well . '' e-mail to a friend . cnn 's dan rivers contributed to this report .
<s> jordan opens school doors to all iraqi children , regardless of refugee status . </s> <s> principal says her school is 20 percent iraqi this year . </s> <s> education minister : iraqi kids will be incorporated into `` mainstream '' life . </s> <s> one student says he lost five family members in iraq . </s><sec>amman , jordan -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- in the sunbathed schoolyard of the shmisani institute for girls in amman , jordan , principal sanaa abu harb makes an announcement over the speaker system . iraqi students at the shmisani school in amman gather around a teacher . one in 5 students there is iraqi . `` all iraqi girls come outside now . all iraqi girls . iraqi girls only ! '' she repeats several times , making sure the message is clear and waving away jordanian pupils attracted by the commotion . dozens of girls in green apron-like uniforms pour out into the courtyard and cluster on the top level of a stone staircase overlooking a concrete playground . harb wants the cnn crew to see how many iraqi refugee girls her school is accommodating . this school year , she says , 145 students are iraqi -- roughly 20 percent of the students at this state-funded institution -- with another 40 iraqi children on a waiting list . watch iraqi girls describe a long way from home '' the reason behind the jump in the number of iraqis at the school is a new government policy : for the first time since the start of the iraq war , jordan is allowing all iraqi children -- regardless of refugee status -- to enroll in state-funded schools . simply , this means that even illegal refugees with no paperwork can send their kids to school with no questions asked . the move is cementing a massive population shift in the middle east . more than 2.2 million iraqis have fled the violence in their homeland , most of them seeking refuge in neighboring jordan and syria , according to humanitarian officials . jordanian minister of education khalid touqan says he expects jordan to accommodate 40,000 to 50,000 iraqi students this year . that 's more than double the number of iraqi children enrolled in public school two years ago . harb , on the front line of the phenomenon , says the influx is putting a strain on her school . even with some u.n. and u.s. aid to jordan , there 's still not enough money . `` we need more teachers here , more resources , more buildings , more chairs for all iraqi students and our students , '' she says . in a nearby neighborhood , in the study room of the ahmed toukan school for boys , a handful of iraqi kids talk of their experience living far from home . seated at a rectangular table covered with a red and white tablecloth , the boys tell stories of horror and displacement . eighteen-year-old qutaiba lost five immediate family members before moving to jordan to try to live a normal life . matter-of-factly and with a straight-ahead stare , he repeats the number : `` five members . '' most of the boys and young men from iraq have missed several years of school -- up to a four-year educational gap that will delay not only their high school graduation , but also their entry into the workforce . all say , though , that they feel lucky to have gotten out , even if the violence in their country means always having to be on the move , ready to live far from home and away from loved ones . `` it 's not strange for me to be in the middle of people i do n't know , '' says eleventh grader ziad tarek al shamsi . `` i had friends in iraq when i was small , i left them . in america , i left them . i came here , i left them . '' he pauses : `` but you have to miss your country . '' the united nations high commissioner for refugees estimates up to 250,000 school-age iraqi children are in jordan . many of them are enrolled in private institutions . but as families run out of money they had when they left iraq , they turn to public schools . even so , more than a month into the new academic year , fewer iraqi families than first anticipated enrolled their kids in schools this year . according to the charity save the children , 21,000 iraqi children have so far enrolled in jordanian classrooms . as a result , the government extended the deadline for student applications and cut down on the required paperwork for iraqi families . the lower registration numbers were attributed in part to illegal refugees ' fears of being identified through their children 's school records . regardless of what the final number will be this year , the population shift in the middle east is , according to unhcr head antonio guterres , the largest urban refugee situation in the world . iraqi families are changing the social fabric of jordanian society . about 10 percent of jordan 's population is now made up of iraqi refugees -- the estimates range from 500,000 to 750,000 of them . the schoolchildren are living examples of how the iraq war may permanently change the middle east . `` iraqi children will be incorporated and integrated within our mainstream line of education , '' says touqan , the education minister . `` we will not run a parallel system of education . '' e-mail to a friend .
<s> new : jury shown new footage of diana taken hours before her death . </s> <s> diana and dodi fayed inquest jury to hear `` scene setting '' evidence . </s> <s> on tuesday coroner outlined controversial claims , published new images . </s> <s> court will make final decision on what happened in car crash 10 years ago . </s><sec>london , england -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- previously unseen footage of diana , princess of wales , taken just hours before she was killed in a car crash , has been shown to the jury at the inquest into her death . the footage showed diana and dodi step into an elevator at the ritz hotel . images taken from a security camera at the ritz hotel in paris show the 36-year-old smiling as she and her lover dodi fayed step into an elevator and later walk out of the hotel . further footage shows fayed visiting a jeweler 's shop , images that could lend support to claims that he was buying an engagement ring . earlier , a british coroner at the inquest said tt may never be known for certain whether princess diana was pregnant when she died in the paris car crash . lord justice scott baker told the jury at the inquest into the deaths of the princess and her lover dodi fayed that scientific evidence might be unable to demonstrate `` one way or the other '' whether she was in the early stages of pregnancy . but he said they would hear `` intimate '' details of her personal life . watch footage of diana 's last hours '' baker told the 11 members of the jury -- six women and five men -- diana may have been on the contraceptive pill and that evidence she was poised to get engaged to dodi on the night she died was contradictory . on tuesday the judge , who is acting as coroner in the case , told the jury that a famous image taken in summer 1997 showing diana wearing a swimsuit could not be proof she was pregnant with dodi 's child as she had not started a relationship with him at that stage . the jury is set to hear `` scene setting '' evidence , including cctv and a tourist video . the inquest to establish cause of death is expected to be a six-month process . fayed 's father , mohammed al fayed , has contended from the start that diana and his son were murdered because the royal family `` could not accept that an egyptian muslim could eventually be step-father to the future king of england , '' referring to diana 's son prince william . `` i 'm hoping for justice , '' al fayed said outside court . `` at last , we 're going to have a jury from ordinary people and i hope to reach the decision which i believe that my son and princess diana have been murdered by the royal family . '' baker told the jury of al fayed 's allegations , but again reminded them that they were responsible for deciding the facts of the case , but not to assign blame or guilt . `` you have to decide four important , but limited factual questions : who the deceased were , when they came by their deaths , where they came by their deaths and how they came by their deaths , '' baker said , according to inquest transcripts . `` the first three questions are unlikely to give rise to any difficulty . the fourth is a rather wider question and is directed towards the means by which they died . '' diana , 36 , and 42-year-old dodi fayed were killed on august 31 , 1997 when the mercedes-benz they were traveling in hit a pillar in the pont de l'alma tunnel in paris . they were being pursued at the time by the paparazzi after leaving the ritz hotel . driver henri paul , who was also killed , was drunk and driving at high speed . bodyguard trevor rees-jones was the sole survivor . next week , the jury is scheduled to travel to paris to see the crash site , along the river seine . they are also expected to hear testimony from the paparazzi who were present after the accident . in its evidence section , the web site for the inquest has posted previously unpublished pictures taken by paparazzi of the limo before and immediately after the accident . one is a closeup -- looking into the front of the vehicle -- that shows diana , fayed , paul and rees-jones minutes before the crash . e-mail to a friend .
<s> chelsea are still waiting on the fitness of england captain john terry . </s> <s> terry trained in a face mask ahead of the champions league tie in valencia . </s> <s> the central defender underwent surgery on a broken cheekbone on sunday . </s><sec>london , england -- chelsea are waiting on the fitness of john terry ahead of wednesday 's champions league match with valencia , but frank lampard has been ruled out . john terry tries out his protective mask during training for chelsea on tuesday . center-back terry suffered a broken cheekbone during saturday 's 0-0 draw with fulham , and chelsea manager avram grant will see how he fares during training on tuesday before making a decision on his availability . terry trained at valencia 's mestalla stadium with a face mask on after surgery on sunday . `` john terry wants to play which is very good . now we need to wait for training and then we will speak with the medical department and decide , '' said grant . grant has confirmed that lampard will definitely sit the game out though as the midfielder continues to recover from his thigh injury . midfielder michael essien , who scored a last-minute winner for chelsea to knock valencia out of last season 's champions league , has also been battling a leg injury but he took part in training on tuesday and is expected to play . e-mail to a friend .
<s> new : chadian president wants journalists , flight crew released . </s> <s> red cross , unicef , unhcr interview children that charity tried to fly out of chad . </s> <s> most are not from sudan and have families , agencies say . </s> <s> six members of zoe 's ark , 11 others under arrest in chad . </s><sec>abeche , chad -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- most of the 103 children that a french charity attempted to take to france from chad for adoption are neither sudanese nor orphans , three international aid agencies reported on thursday . hundreds of women protest child trafficking and shout anti-french slogans wednesday in abeche , chad . six members of zoe 's ark were arrested last week as they tried to put the children on a plane to france , where the charity said host families were waiting to take the children in . three french journalists , a seven-member spanish flight crew and one belgian were also arrested . representatives of the journalists and flight crew said they were unaware of problems with zoe 's ark and thought they were on a humanitarian mission . chadian president idriss deby hopes the journalists and the flight crew will be freed , his chief of staff , mahamat hissene , said thursday . the president would legally be able to intervene in the case if it is transferred from a judge in the eastern city of abeche , where the children were taken , to a judge in n'djamena , the capital , hissene said . the transfer will take place monday , according to media reports . the international red cross committee , the u.n. high commissioner for refugees and unicef said most of the children were living with their families before zoe 's ark took them . the charity said the children were sudanese orphans that it was trying to rescue from a war-torn nation . the agencies said most of the children also probably come from chadian villages along chad 's border with sudan . the children have been living in an orphanage in abeche while authorities and aid agencies try to determine their identities . watch a report on whether the children are orphans '' chadian authorities immediately accused the charity of kidnapping the children and concealing their identities . chad 's interior minister said zoe 's ark dressed the children in bandages and fake intravenous drips to make them look like refugees who needed medical help . the charity workers and journalists have been charged with kidnapping and extortion and could face 20 years of hard labor if convicted . the spaniards and belgian are charged with complicity . the spanish flight crew is innocent and should be released , a company executive said thursday . `` we thought we were doing a humanitarian transport , '' said antoni cajal , sales director of spain 's gir jet charter firm . `` if an ngo -lsb- nongovernmental organization -rsb- has done something wrong , it 's impossible for us to know . '' spain 's foreign ministry has publicly expressed its disagreement with the charges and has dispatched top diplomats to chad to try to win the group 's release . over the weekend , the captain appealed urgently to be rescued , fearing the crew could be harmed or killed , cajal said . but the four women and three men are in good condition in custody , cajal said , based on his conversations with a spanish consular official who came from cameroon to chad and has been able to visit them . the detention is the first problem of its kind for the company , which hopes government negotiations can resolve the issue , cajal said . on its web site , zoe 's ark describes itself as a nonprofit organization based in paris that sends teams of physicians , nurses , firefighters and other specialists to care for children in war zones and place them with families in france , who then apply for asylum on their behalf . the red cross , unhcr and unicef said the 21 girls and 82 boys range in age from about 1 year to about 10 , and they are healthy . the agencies said they have been interviewing the children individually to determine their backgrounds . `` so far , the interviews carried out with the children -- some of whom could not provide any information due to their young age -- led to the preliminary conclusion that probably 85 come from chadian villages near the cities of adre and tine along the chadian-sudanese border , '' the agencies said . `` ninety-one children said they had been living with their family , consisting of at least one adult they considered to be their parent , '' the agencies said , adding that interviews with the remaining 12 children were ongoing . the agencies called their investigation painstaking and challenging because of the number of children , their youth and the situation in the region . other french charities earlier had questioned whether zoe 's ark could legally arrange adoption of children from darfur , and contacted french authorities , according to french newspapers and the associated press . french authorities have reacted angrily to the zoe 's ark trip , calling the group 's actions `` illegal and irresponsible . '' the french foreign ministry has said the dispute will not affect france 's participation in a european peacekeeping force due to be deployed along the border between chad and sudan . in response to the dispute in chad , the republic of congo said late wednesday it was suspending all international adoptions , the associated press reported . reporters without borders said it will work for the release of the three journalists arrested in chad . the organization said photographers marc garmirian of the capa news agency and jean-daniel guillou of the synchro x agency were on assignment for their news organizations and were not part of the charity 's efforts . the third journalist , marie-agnes peleran of the tv station france 3 miditerranee , was traveling with the group in a personal capacity , though she carried a camera from her station , reporters without borders said . e-mail to a friend . cnn 's al goodman contributed to this report . copyright 2007 cnn . all rights reserved.this material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . associated press contributed to this report .
<s> italy win 2-1 in scotland to secure their qualification for the euro 2008 finals . </s> <s> the result means scotland can not qualify and will now finish third in group b . </s> <s> france will also be reaching the euro 2008 finals after the result in glasgow . </s><sec>glasgow , scotland -- world champions italy clinched qualification for euro 2008 after goals in the first and last minutes gave them a pulsating 2-1 victory at hampden park -- killing off scotland 's hopes of reaching the finals . luca toni celebrates his early goal as italy won 2-1 in scotland to clinch qualification from group b. luca toni shot italy in front but scotland recovered to dominate and barry ferguson bundled home a 65th-minute leveller . however , christian panucci headed an injury-time winner after a controversial decision to award italy a free-kick . the result also means france have sealed qualification , along with italy , from group b without playing a game . in a match played in torrential rain , italy enjoyed the best possible start by taking the lead after just 70 seconds . gianluca zambrotta spotted antonio di natale unmarked in the box , and picked him out with a throw-in as scotland were caught napping . di natale swept the ball into the path of toni who delicately flicked into the top left corner from six meters out . the home side almost conceded a second goal 60 seconds later . this time , toni turned provider and his cut-back was met by mauro camoranesi who fired over from close-range . toni then shrugged off two challenges before drawing a decent save from craig gordon with a well-struck effort that the goalkeeper did well to block at the near post . at the other end , scotland were denied the opportunity to haul themselves back into the match when a thunderous drive from lee mcculloch appeared to be handled by zambrotta inside the area but penalty claims were ignored . spurred on by a sense of injustice , the hosts cranked up the pressure on their visitors . ferguson fired over from a james mcfadden corner , before alan hutton nodded agonisingly wide of the upright following another perfect delivery from the everton man . scotland then produced some wonderful passing football , which culminated in a tight-angled drive from ferguson , but gianluigi buffon dived low to smother . then came another scare for the home side . gordon was forced to pull a save out of the top drawer to deny a point-blank effort from massimo ambrosini , before di natale rifled the rebound into the back of the net . the assistant referee raised his flag for offside but television replays suggested the official may have called it wrong . only last-gasp defending from the italians prevented the scots from grabbing a morale-boosting leveller on the stroke of half-time . david weir rose above everyone else in a packed box to meet ferguson 's corner and his header appeared to be heading for the top corner before andrea pirlo somehow managed to nod off the line . a free-kick in a dangerous area provided italy with the chance to start the second half as emphatically as they had started the first when paul hartley hauled down camoranesi just outside the box . pirlo seized on the chance and looped the ball over the wall but , despite a reputation as a dead-ball specialist , his effort was easily dealt with by gordon . instead , it was scotland who found the back of the net as hampden erupted with 65 minutes gone . mcfadden 's free-kick deflected into the path of mcculloch in front of goal . he was denied by buffon , but the rebound fell kindly to ferguson and the captain gratefully rifled home from close-range . with just over 15 minutes to go , scott brown was withdrawn for kenny miller as scotland went for broke . the derby striker quickly began to cause the italians problems and delivered a wonderful diagonal cross to the feet of mcfadden but he fired wide when it looked easier score . scotland 's impossible dream ended in the cruellest possible way when italy snatched a last minute goal to secure their own qualification for euro 2008 . hutton appeared to be barged over in front of the corner flag but the referee inexplicably awarded the free-kick the other way and panucci rose to meet pirlo 's cross and nod home the winner . italy coach roberto donadoni said : `` we knew it was going to be a physical match given the atmosphere . `` but through their character and desire , the lads were fantastic . they worked so hard , they deserve this . qualifying for euro 2008 is amazing . it 's something positive after all that happened last week -lrb- the death of the lazio fan -rrb- . '' captain fabio cannavaro : `` this was a victory won with the heart . it was difficult to play in this stadium , with that atmosphere it was like a cauldron . `` we played really well and managed to win . we showed once again that we are a strong and compact team and when we need to win we do everything to show that we are the world champions . `` in italy we play a high level of football , we 've won the champions league and the world cup but unfortunately at this moment we are being noticed for something else . '' e-mail to a friend .
<s> david trezeguet omitted from france squad to play morocco and the ukraine . </s> <s> the juventus striker last played for his country in the 1-0 defeat by scotland . </s> <s> he was dropped for the wins against lithuania and the faroe islands . </s><sec>london , england -- france coach raymond domenech has again omitted striker david trezeguet from his squad for this month 's friendly against morocco and the euro 2008 qualifier against the ukraine . happier times : david trezeguet celebrates after scoring for juventus against torino . trezeguet has scored scored 10 goals in 11 serie a matches for juventus this season -- including two hat-tricks -- but has failed to win his way back into the 24-man party . the 29-year-old , who last played for france in the 1-0 home defeat by scotland in september , was furious after being dropped for the games against lithuania and the faroe islands . he played no part as domenech 's team overtook the scots at the top of group b with comfortable victories last month . the coach said : `` david is having a great start to the season with juventus , but he 's in competition for a place . if we qualify , the euro 2008 will be in eight months . a lot of things can happen in between . `` i hope david will help juventus win the italian league title and that he will be at the euro 2008 with us , and that he will find his form again for france . '' domenech has again included young lyon forward hatem ben arfa , who made his debut as a substitute against the faroes and scored the final goal in a 6-0 victory . ben arfa is joined in the squad by club-mate karim benzema , while bolton 's nicholas anelka is also among the forwards named despite still recovering from an injury . captain patrick vieira is ruled out due to injury , but the inter milan midfielder will join up with the squad anyway . `` a player of patrick 's dimension is going to be missed , but we just have to accept it and get on with it . pat should be coming to see us because he 's a leader , and he 's the captain , '' domenech added . france face the moroccans on november 16 and then travel to the ukraine on november 21 . domenech 's team will qualify for the finals if italy beat scotland at hampden on november 17 . if the glasgow game ends in a draw , france will need at least a point in kiev to book their ticket . france squad : goalkeepers : m landreau -lrb- paris st germain -rrb- , s frey -lrb- fiorentina -rrb- , u rame -lrb- bordeaux -rrb- . defenders : e abidal -lrb- barcelona , p evra -lrb- manchester united -rrb- , w gallas -lrb- arsenal -rrb- , b sagna -lrb- arsenal -rrb- , l thuram -lrb- barcelona -rrb- , s squillaci -lrb- lyon -rrb- , f clerc -lrb- lyon -rrb- . midfielders : a diarra -lrb- bordeaux -rrb- , l diarra -lrb- arsenal -rrb- , m flamini -lrb- arsenal -rrb- , c makelele -lrb- chelsea -rrb- , j rothen -lrb- psg -rrb- , j toulalan -lrb- lyon -rrb- , s nasri -lrb- marseille -rrb- . strikers : n anelka -lrb- bolton -rrb- , h ben arfa -lrb- lyon -rrb- , k benzema -lrb- lyon -rrb- , s govou -lrb- lyon -rrb- , t henry -lrb- barcelona -rrb- , f malouda -lrb- chelsea -rrb- , f ribery -lrb- bayern munich -rrb- . e-mail to a friend .
<s> sheikh mohammed bin isa al khalifa steers bahrain 's economic growth . </s> <s> says bahrain 's strength is its `` human capital '' in the finance sector . </s> <s> calls on world to unite to resolve nuclear dispute with iran . </s><sec>-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- this week mme speaks to the man charged with boosting growth in the kingdom of bahrain : sheikh mohammed bin isa al khalifa . sheikh mohammed is concerned the nuclear dispute with iran is deterring potential investors . as chief executive of the economic development board , one of sheikh mohammed 's main tasks is to ensure bahrain stays ahead of its competitors . the government 's pushing ahead with economic reforms to reduce the kingdom 's dependence on oil . but with crude prices near $ 100 a barrel , john defterios asked whether the appetite for change had diminished . sm : the reforms are being done for aspirational reasons rather than necessity , so we are trying to enter the post-oil area because we want to . and therefore , because of this aspirational aspect , trying to get to as opposed to people pushing us somewhere we do n't want to go . jd : how do you redefine bahrain 's role ? traditionally it 's been a financial center , but you have qatar , saudi arabia , dubai even abu dhabi emerging in financial services . how you redefine it to sustain a lead ? sm : the rising tide lifts a lot of places and as the region is booming and growing , financial services are growing throughout the region . bahrain 's strengths have been and will continue to be its human capital , the people that have led the financial sector and the long standing regulations that have been established in bahrain . jd : strategically and a geopolitical question here : the crown prince came out and declared what iran 's intentions really are -- in his view -- for a nuclear policy , and called for greater diplomacy right ahead of a visit by the president of iran to the country . what 's the motivation here ? sm : we feel that the distraction caused by the iranian nuclear issue is holding investment back in the region as a whole , and increasing the security threat of the region . nobody is debating the right to peaceful nuclear power , but we all have that need and we all need a peaceful resolution to this . jd : historically , iran has even made claims against bahrain , what do you do now moving forward now ? do you bring russia , china , the united states and the european union closer together , in terms of where we should be going in the future ? sm : we 've resolved our historical issue with iran , and we are well beyond that , but going forward ... this is such a important issue affecting security worldwide , that we feel it is important and at a level high enough that we need all powers involved because it does affect everybody . jd : can the gcc -lrb- gulf cooperation council -rrb- become much tighter as an organization to have a voice in that process ; as opposed to speaking from the sidelines and hoping that the major powers move forward ? sm : absolutely , i mean , the gcc is speaking with a unified voice . the kingdom of saudi arabia came out with a proposal for providing nuclear fuel from an independent authority ; this was completely backed from the gcc . we are all moving forward and are willing to play a beneficial role to resolve this issue . meet the sheikh : . sheikh mohammed bin isa al khalifa is chief executive of the economic development board , the organization responsible for stimulating and supporting growth of the bahraini economy . he was appointed in june 2005 , following 10 years working directly for his highness sheikh salman bin hamad al khalifa , crown prince , commander-in-chief of the bahrain defense force and chairman of the economic development board . from 1995 to 1999 , he was director of the crown prince 's office . in 1999 , he was appointed head of the court and also deputy head of the crown prince 's international scholarship program . during this time , sheikh mohammed was heavily involved with the crown prince 's initiatives to liberalize the telecommunications sector and with labor market and economic reforms . a keen motor sports enthusiast , sheikh mohammed was deputy board chairman of the bahrain international circuit and is a former vice president of the bahrain motor club , now known as the bahrain motor federation . sheikh mohammed , who is married with two sons and one daughter , was born on april 14 , 1969 . in 1992 , he received a bachelor 's degree in economic theory from the american university , washington dc . two years later , he received a post-graduate diploma in business studies from the london school of economics . -lrb- source : bahrain economic development board -rrb- e-mail to a friend .
<s> jordan opens school doors to all iraqi children , regardless of refugee status . </s> <s> principal says her school is 20 percent iraqi this year . </s> <s> education minister : iraqi kids will be incorporated into `` mainstream '' life . </s> <s> one student says he lost five family members in iraq . </s><sec>amman , jordan -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- in the sunbathed schoolyard of the shmisani institute for girls in amman , jordan , principal sanaa abu harb makes an announcement over the speaker system . iraqi students at the shmisani school in amman gather around a teacher . one in 5 students there is iraqi . `` all iraqi girls come outside now . all iraqi girls . iraqi girls only ! '' she repeats several times , making sure the message is clear and waving away jordanian pupils attracted by the commotion . dozens of girls in green apron-like uniforms pour out into the courtyard and cluster on the top level of a stone staircase overlooking a concrete playground . harb wants the cnn crew to see how many iraqi refugee girls her school is accommodating . this school year , she says , 145 students are iraqi -- roughly 20 percent of the students at this state-funded institution -- with another 40 iraqi children on a waiting list . watch iraqi girls describe a long way from home '' the reason behind the jump in the number of iraqis at the school is a new government policy : for the first time since the start of the iraq war , jordan is allowing all iraqi children -- regardless of refugee status -- to enroll in state-funded schools . simply , this means that even illegal refugees with no paperwork can send their kids to school with no questions asked . the move is cementing a massive population shift in the middle east . more than 2.2 million iraqis have fled the violence in their homeland , most of them seeking refuge in neighboring jordan and syria , according to humanitarian officials . jordanian minister of education khalid touqan says he expects jordan to accommodate 40,000 to 50,000 iraqi students this year . that 's more than double the number of iraqi children enrolled in public school two years ago . harb , on the front line of the phenomenon , says the influx is putting a strain on her school . even with some u.n. and u.s. aid to jordan , there 's still not enough money . `` we need more teachers here , more resources , more buildings , more chairs for all iraqi students and our students , '' she says . in a nearby neighborhood , in the study room of the ahmed toukan school for boys , a handful of iraqi kids talk of their experience living far from home . seated at a rectangular table covered with a red and white tablecloth , the boys tell stories of horror and displacement . eighteen-year-old qutaiba lost five immediate family members before moving to jordan to try to live a normal life . matter-of-factly and with a straight-ahead stare , he repeats the number : `` five members . '' most of the boys and young men from iraq have missed several years of school -- up to a four-year educational gap that will delay not only their high school graduation , but also their entry into the workforce . all say , though , that they feel lucky to have gotten out , even if the violence in their country means always having to be on the move , ready to live far from home and away from loved ones . `` it 's not strange for me to be in the middle of people i do n't know , '' says eleventh grader ziad tarek al shamsi . `` i had friends in iraq when i was small , i left them . in america , i left them . i came here , i left them . '' he pauses : `` but you have to miss your country . '' the united nations high commissioner for refugees estimates up to 250,000 school-age iraqi children are in jordan . many of them are enrolled in private institutions . but as families run out of money they had when they left iraq , they turn to public schools . even so , more than a month into the new academic year , fewer iraqi families than first anticipated enrolled their kids in schools this year . according to the charity save the children , 21,000 iraqi children have so far enrolled in jordanian classrooms . as a result , the government extended the deadline for student applications and cut down on the required paperwork for iraqi families . the lower registration numbers were attributed in part to illegal refugees ' fears of being identified through their children 's school records . regardless of what the final number will be this year , the population shift in the middle east is , according to unhcr head antonio guterres , the largest urban refugee situation in the world . iraqi families are changing the social fabric of jordanian society . about 10 percent of jordan 's population is now made up of iraqi refugees -- the estimates range from 500,000 to 750,000 of them . the schoolchildren are living examples of how the iraq war may permanently change the middle east . `` iraqi children will be incorporated and integrated within our mainstream line of education , '' says touqan , the education minister . `` we will not run a parallel system of education . '' e-mail to a friend .
<s> `` heartbroken '' house owner 's daughter among six survivors hospitalized . </s> <s> one survivor jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape . </s> <s> university of south carolina mourns deaths of six students . </s><sec>-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the owner of a north carolina beach house where seven college students died in a weekend fire said monday that his family 's `` lives were just changed forever '' by the tragedy . chip auman said his 18-year-old daughter survived the fire but was hospitalized and in stable condition because of complications from smoke inhalation . `` the thought of losing a child is unimaginable to me , and as a father my heart goes out to the families that lost a loved one in this situation , '' he said . auman said the situation was `` hard to fathom . '' `` there 's just no words to describe what we 've been going through , '' he said , asking for prayers for survivors and the families of those who died . `` we 're numb , we 're confused , we 're heartbroken . '' two college campuses mourned monday . six university of south carolina students and a clemson university student died in the fire early sunday morning in ocean isle beach , north carolina . six other south carolina students were able to get out of the house in time . the six were treated and released from nearby brunswick community hospital , but auman 's daughter was hospitalized again in hartsville , south carolina . authorities from the state bureau of investigation and the federal bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives are leading the investigation into the cause of the fire . ocean isle beach mayor debbie smith said the house was `` engulfed '' in flames when the fire department arrived on the scene , about five minutes after being notified . the flames shot into the sky and ultimately left little more than portions of the framing . fire officials do not believe foul play was involved . watch a neighbor 's video , fears of fast-burning fire '' dennis a. pruitt , the vice president for student affairs for the university of south carolina , said investigators have said it would be tuesday or wednesday before the identities of the victims are confirmed publicly . it could be as much as a month until investigators know the cause of the fire , pruitt said . the university did not cancel classes on monday , but pruitt said arrangements had been made for those who need to go home or stay out of class at the 28,000-student campus . pruitt said meetings had been held sunday with members of delta delta delta sorority and sigma alpha epsilon fraternity . the south carolina students were affiliated with those houses , he said , although he stressed that the weekend was not an official greek function . he also said counselors and ministers were available to help students deal with the loss of their classmates . the university president , dr. andrew sorenson , contacted the families of those who died in the fire to express the condolences and support of the university community . jay laura , student president of the usc chapter of sigma alpha epsilon , said the campus would pull together after the tragedy . `` if any place can come together to help in the healing process and the aftermath of an event like this , it is south carolina , '' laura said at a monday afternoon press conference . fire survivor tripp wylie , a 20-year-old south carolina sophomore , said he jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape the flames and was unable to get back in to help his friends . `` i could see a buddy of mine off to the left who had gotten out . he was just yelling at me to jump and stuff , '' wylie told cnn affiliate wyff . `` the smoke was pouring out , could n't really breathe , so i had to make a quick decision . -lsb- i -rsb- just kind of leaned out the window and luckily i jumped far enough to make it into the canal . '' neighbors flocked to see the fire as firefighters battled and ultimately got the blaze under control . see the scenes of devastation '' george smith , who lives across the street from the house , said he heard sirens between 6:30 and 7 a.m. and went outside to see `` the whole sky lit up . '' `` the whole house was completely engulfed in flames , up to about 20 feet , '' he said . `` i have never seen -lsb- a fire -rsb- move so fast . '' george smith said the house 's occupants were `` partying in there yesterday and into the night . '' after about 10:30 p.m. saturday they quieted down , he said . linda sing said she was walking her dog when she saw the fiery destruction . she noted that firefighters had saved an adjacent house by spraying it down with water . `` we knew there were people in there , but we hoped and prayed they 'd gotten out , '' sing said . `` this is the worst thing i 've ever seen . we 've had hurricanes , but this is worse . '' ocean isle beach is a popular resort destination along north carolina 's southern coast . the year-round population of the 7-mile-long island is about 425 , but it swells to about 25,000 during the summer season , according to the town 's web site . e-mail to a friend .
<s> white house accuses democrats of holding hostage funding for veterans care . </s> <s> funding was attached to large health-labor-education bill . </s> <s> white house says it wants a clean bill that only funds veterans programs . </s> <s> democrats call on white house to engage in a dialogue on spending levels . </s><sec>washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- the white house is blasting congressional democrats for not sending a bill that would fund veterans ' care programs to the president 's desk by veterans day . the white house 's dana perino accused democrats of holding veterans care funding hostage . `` there 's absolutely no reason that the veterans ' bill could not have been signed by the president today , except for the political games that the democrats decided to play with it , '' white house press secretary dana perino said sunday in crawford , texas . congressional democrats had attached legislation funding veterans programs to a $ 150.7 billion bill that also funded a number of domestic priorities , including health , labor and education . democrats also added $ 3.7 billion to what the president budgeted for veterans programs . the labor-health-education bill would increase funding by more than $ 10 billion over last year 's funding for those programs . the president has threatened to veto the bill because of the added spending . the house passed a health-labor-education bill 269-142 last week with the veterans funding attached , but the senate later voted to strip out the veterans funding and send the health-labor-education bill to the president . perino accused the democrats of `` trying to hold hostage our veterans to extra domestic spending or increases in taxes . '' `` the president wants clean legislation , a clean bill to fund the veterans , '' perino said . on saturday , the democratic congressional leadership sent a letter to president bush saying they welcomed a dialogue on spending , sayings disagreements over funding levels `` have never been so great that we can not reach agreement on a spending plan that meets the needs of the american people . '' `` key to this dialogue , however , is some willingness on your part to actually find common ground , '' house speaker nancy pelosi , d-california , and senate majority leader harry reid , d-nevada , said in the letter . the leadership said last year 's congress , which was still under republican control , had never passed a separate bill funding veterans programs . congress also sent to the president legislation that would fund veterans care at the levels requested by the president through december 14 , the leadership said . the current funding level `` is still below the $ 3.9 billion extra that we passed , '' said nadeam elshami , spokesman pelosi . `` we are committed to getting the extra funding that the congress already voted on the president 's desk for his signature . '' the leadership blamed republican members of congress for stalling the funding for the veterans programs by blocking its inclusion in the larger spending bill . perino , though , said the democrats could still send a separate bill to the president funding the veterans program that passed both chambers of congress . `` the democrats decided not to send the president this bill , '' perino said . `` that has to be laid at their feet . '' e-mail to a friend . cnn 's deirdre walsh contributed to this report .
<s> beckham has agreed to a five-year contract with los angeles galaxy . </s> <s> new contract took effect july 1 , 2007 . </s> <s> former english captain to meet press , unveil new shirt number friday . </s> <s> cnn to look at beckham as footballer , fashion icon and global phenomenon . </s><sec>-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- football superstar , celebrity , fashion icon , multimillion-dollar heartthrob . now , david beckham is headed for the hollywood hills as he takes his game to u.s. major league soccer . cnn looks at how bekham fulfilled his dream of playing for manchester united , and his time playing for england . the world 's famous footballer has begun a five-year contract with the los angeles galaxy team , and on friday beckham will meet the press and reveal his new shirt number . this week , we take an in depth look at the life and times of beckham , as cnn 's very own `` becks , '' becky anderson , sets out to examine what makes the man tick -- as footballer , fashion icon and global phenomenon . it 's a long way from the streets of east london to the hollywood hills and becky charts beckham 's incredible rise to football stardom , a journey that has seen his skills grace the greatest stages in world soccer . she goes in pursuit of the current hottest property on the sports/celebrity circuit in the u.s. and along the way explores exactly what 's behind the man with the golden boot . cnn will look back at the life of beckham , the wonderfully talented youngster who fulfilled his dream of playing for manchester united , his marriage to pop star victoria , and the trials and tribulations of playing for england . we 'll look at the highs -lrb- scoring against greece -rrb- , the lows -lrb- being sent off during the world cup -rrb- , the man . u departure for the galacticos of madrid -- and now the home depot stadium in l.a. we 'll ask how beckham and his family will adapt to life in los angeles -- the people , the places to see and be seen and the celebrity endorsement . beckham is no stranger to exposure . he has teamed with reggie bush in an adidas commercial , is the face of motorola , is the face on a playstation game and does n't need fashion tips as he has his own international clothing line . but what does the star couple need to do to become an accepted part of tinseltown 's glitterati ? the road to major league football in the u.s.a. is a well-worn route for some of the world 's greatest players . we talk to some of the former greats who came before him and examine what impact these overseas stars had on u.s. soccer and look at what is different now . we also get a rare glimpse inside the david beckham academy in l.a , find out what drives the kids and who are their heroes . the perception that in the u.s.a. soccer is a `` game for girls '' after the teenage years is changing . more and more young kids are choosing the european game over the traditional u.s. sports . e-mail to a friend .
<s> real simple tips can add up to great summer . </s> <s> best way to catch fireflies starts with easiest to catch . </s> <s> tip on how not to look like a gladiator when wearing espadrilles . </s> <s> there is a graceful way to get in and out of a hammock . </s><sec>-lrb- real simple -rrb- -- here are five great ways to enjoy your summer . lazing in a hammock is one of the best ways to spend a summer evening . best way to cut jeans into shorts -- what better way to declare the start of summer ? the key to cutting off jeans is not to go too short too soon . slip on the jeans and mark the desired length on one leg with chalk . `` take them off , fold the leg at the mark , and iron the fold , '' says caroline calvin , creative director of levi 's . `` then cut just under the crease with fabric scissors . lay the short jean leg on top of the other side and cut to evenly match . '' repeat as needed to get the length you want . ninety-degree days ? bring 'em on ! the best way to catch fireflies -- how ? with womanly wiles : `` fireflies blink to attract a mate , '' explains naturalist lynn havsall , director of programs at the george b. dorr museum of natural history , in bar harbor , maine . `` males fly around while females sit in trees , in shrubs , or on the ground . so find a female and watch her blinking pattern . then imitate the pattern with a pen flashlight and the males will come to you . '' -rsb- a plus : the bugs move slowly , so they 're easy to trap in a jar . punch some holes in the lid and add a little grass and a piece of fruit for moisture . admire your pretty night-lights till bedtime , then let them go . the best way to run on the beach -- who needs a treadmill when you have miles of shoreline ? running on the beach can get you into great shape . take it from lifeguard benjamin guss , 25 , of del mar , california , who recently qualified to compete in this year 's iron man triathlon -lrb- yes , that means swimming 2.4 miles , biking 112 miles , and then running a marathon -- consecutively -rrb- in kailua-kona , hawaii . beware , shoeless joes . if you choose to run barefoot , keep your workouts brief at first to allow tender soles to build up calluses . `` you can get blisters , even burns , from hot , soft sand , '' says guss . `` i like to run barefoot , but for more than a couple miles , i wear shoes . '' know your sand . `` in soft sand , one mile is like two , '' says guss . you may work foot and leg muscles you do n't always use , so start slowly . and hard sand can be as tough on your legs as the road , so wear running sneakers . pick the right time to run . `` my favorite time is in the evening , '' says guss . `` the wind dies down , and the sand is n't that hot . '' to work harder , fill small bags with sand to use as hand weights . the best way to get in and out of a hammock -- everyone looks good lazing in a hammock -- it 's getting in and out that 's tricky . to make it less so , try these tips from penny waugh , a buyer for http://www.hammocks.com/ .  position your backside toward the hammock 's center and tilt back until you reach a 45-degree angle , with the hammock parallel to your rear .  gently sit back into the hammock and let it level out .  swing your legs up and stretch them out .  lie back . loll . sigh contentedly . for a graceful exit , sit upright and swing your legs off , anchoring your feet on the ground . then push with your behind , gathering momentum to stand . `` it 's tricky , since there 's nothing to hold on to , '' says waugh . `` but it 's good for the glutes . '' the best way to tie espadrilles -- apply this lace-up logic from meghan cleary , author of `` the perfect fit : what your shoes say about you . ''  slide your foot fully into the shoe and plant it firmly on the floor .  cross and tie the laces once behind the ankle , then bring them forward , cross and tie again , and continue up the leg , depending on how long the laces are . the calf is the maximum height -- any higher and you 'll look like a gladiator .  each time you cross and tie , secure the laces slightly tighter than is comfortable , since they will loosen a bit when you walk . just do n't cut off your circulation .  for a streamlined leg , make the final tie in the back . create a more whimsical look by putting the final tie in front with a small bow . e-mail to a friend . get a free trial issue of real simple - click here ! copyright 2007 time inc. . all rights reserved .
<s> taliban militants kill australian commando in southern afghanistan . </s> <s> he was shot during operation to clear taliban bomb making facility in uruzgan . </s> <s> this is the fourth australian soldier to die in the conflict in afghanistan . </s> <s> several militants killed and a coalition troop injured in other fighting in southeast . </s><sec>-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- one australian soldier , three civilians and taliban militants were killed early friday during heavy fighting in southern afghanistan , according to information from australian and nato officials . four australian troops have now died in the conflict in afghanistan . the incident occurred in tarin kowt in uruzgan province , where taliban militants killed an australian commando , the australian defence ministry said . the 26-year-old commando -- pvt. luke worsley of sydney -- served with the special operations task group . this is the fourth australian troop to die in the afghan conflict . `` the action in which private worsley died only concluded in the last few hours and was characterized by heavy , close quarter fighting . the sotg was conducting an operation to clear an identified taliban bomb making facility in uruzgan province , when the soldier was hit by small arms fire , '' chief of the defence force air chief marshal angus houston said . nato 's international security assistance force said `` a significant number of taliban insurgents were killed or captured as part of the operation . taliban insurgents initiated the firefight which lasted several hours . '' gen. carlos branco , isaf spokesman , said it is not known how the civilians , two women and a child , died . `` however , we do know that the insurgents fired upon isaf soldiers from the compound in which the afghan civilians -lrb- two women and one child -rrb- were found after the fight . isaf makes all effort to prevent losses of innocent civilian lives . '' e-mail to a friend .
<s> colony collapse disorder has killed millions of bees . </s> <s> scientists suspect a virus may combine with other factors to collapse colonies . </s> <s> disorder first cropped up in 2004 , as bees were imported from australia . </s> <s> $ 15 billion in u.s. crops each year dependent on bees for pollination . </s><sec>-lrb- cnn -rrb- -- a virus found in healthy australian honey bees may be playing a role in the collapse of honey bee colonies across the united states , researchers reported thursday . honey bees walk on a moveable comb hive at the bee research laboratory , in beltsville , maryland . colony collapse disorder has killed millions of bees -- up to 90 percent of colonies in some u.s. beekeeping operations -- imperiling the crops largely dependent upon bees for pollination , such as oranges , blueberries , apples and almonds . the u.s. department of agriculture says honey bees are responsible for pollinating $ 15 billion worth of crops each year in the united states . more than 90 fruits and vegetables worldwide depend on them for pollination . signs of colony collapse disorder were first reported in the united states in 2004 , the same year american beekeepers started importing bees from australia . the disorder is marked by hives left with a queen , a few newly hatched adults and plenty of food , but the worker bees responsible for pollination gone . the virus identified in the healthy australian bees is israeli acute paralysis virus -lrb- iapv -rrb- -- named that because it was discovered by hebrew university researchers . although worker bees in colony collapse disorder vanish , bees infected with iapv die close to the hive , after developing shivering wings and paralysis . for some reason , the australian bees seem to be resistant to iapv and do not come down with symptoms . scientists used genetic analyses of bees collected over the past three years and found that iapv was present in bees that had come from colony collapse disorder hives 96 percent of the time . but the study released thursday on the science express web site , operated by the journal science , cautioned that collapse disorder is likely caused by several factors . `` this research give us a very good lead to follow , but we do not believe iapv is acting alone , '' said jeffery s. pettis of the u.s. department of agriculture 's bee research laboratory and a co-author of the study . `` other stressors on the colony are likely involved . '' this could explain why bees in australia may be resistant to colony collapse . `` there are no cases ... in australia at all , '' entomologist dave britton of the australian museum told the sydney morning herald last month . `` it is a northern hemisphere phenomenon . '' bee ecology expert and university of florida professor jamie ellis said earlier this year that genetic weakness bred into bees over time , pathogens spread by parasites and the effects of pesticides and pollutants might be other factors . researchers also say varroa mites affect all hives on the u.s. mainland but are not found in australia . university of georgia bee researcher keith s. delaplane said thursday the study offers a warning -- and hope . `` one nagging problem has been a general inability to treat or vaccinate bees against viruses of any kind , '' said delaplane , who has been trying to breed bees resistant to the varroa mite . `` but in the case of iapv , there is evidence that some bees carry genetic resistance to the disorder . this is yet one more argument for beekeepers to use honey bee stocks that are genetically disease - and pest-resistant . '' bee researchers will now look for stresses that may combine to kill bees . `` the next step is to ascertain whether iapv , alone or in concert with other factors , can induce ccd -lsb- colony collapse disorder -rsb- in healthy bees , '' said ian lipkin , director of the center for infection and immunity at columbia university mailman school of public health . besides the columbia and usda researchers , others involved in the study released thursday include researchers from pennsylvania state university , the pennsylvania department of agriculture , the university of arizona and 454 life sciences . e-mail to a friend .
